Docs enhance (#276)
biosustain/cameo: docs/01-quick-start.rst

Step 1: Load a model
--------------------

> Loading a model is easy. Just import the :class:`~cameo.io.load_model`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Loading a model is easy. Just import the :py:func:`~cameo.io.load_model`
```
